Miami and I can do with my family the
whole day and I'm so excited and I gotta
go
hi we are in Miami the 305 which is my
hometown and I'm literally so excited
since my grandpa's actually coming to
the show today and he's never seen us
perform so I'm really excited this is my
sister Sophia Kaleo and she's six years
old and she's a princess slash wizard
I wish I had a Harry Potter one glitter
glitter please appear be like a critter
and come over here see and there's the
glitter it's everyone it's okay we make
believe see got to be got to and I beat
my sister and that's how it's done it's
not cuz she's six years old or anything
here we go okay guys pick seven eight
Pete got to feet got to oh okay so today
your guys are gonna follow me around the
venue and get into all sorts of trouble
cuz it's Miami way sunshine orange juice
its wickedness because I'm to say good
night
I'd bet that's what my favorite owns me
today so beautiful melodies beautifully
done do they're good why isn't is
amazing peaceably we're getting ready
and learn lip sticking where lip
sticking it up because we have meet and
greet and we're gonna meet all the
broken why am I not surprised
did you really oh oh okay great
time to I'm gonna get my mom and dad
coke and then I'm gonna introduce you to
the woman drinking the diet coke which
is my mom yeah gave birth to me so
that's good and here we are
hi come why come on down this is this is
my mother
hi and she's very beautiful I'm shy she
has green emerald eyes I love you
yeah but she's really cute we're gonna
baby right now and I'm so excited to
meet you guys cuz I love hugs and kisses
and one nice table
pretty big
it was so fun they're so loud they're so
great I love Miami people we just love
the movie and it was so great and and
why are there said wherever we go
because they're nice because they let
they like you you know how you scream
for all five that's how they scream for
you it's a love scream okay so the whole
fam Jam is here and my my dad just came
so I'm going to reduce it to my dad if
that's okay
this is Alejandro it's like the Lady
Gaga song yay we're gonna go to sound
tech now what we have to sound good too
cuz my grandpa's coming
take that
yeah tells me not to love you you know
your side
that was so fun like that's the most fun
you guys got a buzz right come on
so that's it thanks for following me
around all day I hope that you liked my
family and macao and now I'm gonna go
back to the bus and we're gonna go to
Tampa and I'm gonna say bye
but thanks for today the mark subscribe
to awesomenesstv
poor life is crazy and we've got all
these losses behind the scenes that are
fifth on the changeover series click
right there to watch some